docs(v2): task manager (#695)
Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go: task-manager/README.md

# Task Manager

This package provides utilities for interacting with a user-defined `TaskManager` binding.

## Overview

### Task Manager interface

> A Task Manager abstracts the on-chain `TaskManager` binding, letting the SDK to create tasks, submit responses and raise challenges through a `TaskManager` interface without worrying to specific implementation details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Task Manager abstracts communication with the `TaskManager` contract, letting the SDK create tasks, submit responses, and raise challenges through a `TaskManager` interface without worrying about specific implementation details.
```

> Implementing the [`TaskManager`] interface requires that your on-chain contract expose some specific Solidity types and functions and provide some specific parameters. Our SDK will wire up all the rest; you need to supply your generic `Input`/`Output`, the task manager contract and ABI, a transaction manager and an ethereum client.the selectors for the new task event and the task responded event via [`TaskManagerDefs`]. You can refer to [this contract](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/blob/v2-dev-2/examples/incredible-squaring/contracts/src/IIncredibleSquaringTaskManager.sol) as an example.

Reviewer 2: Do we have `TaskManagerDefs` in Go?

Author: Nope, removed in [9a0918f](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/695/commits/9a0918f157b76918b32e850e0e690e95d599e4c4)

**Required Solidity Structs**:

```solidity
struct Task {
    Input input; // user-defined input type
    uint32 taskCreatedBlock;
    bytes  quorumNumbers;
    uint32 quorumThresholdPercentage;
}

struct TaskResponse {
    uint32 referenceTaskIndex;
    Output response; // user-defined output type
}

struct TaskResponseMetadata {
    uint32 taskRespondedBlock;
    bytes32 hashOfNonSigners;
}
```

**Required Solidity Functions**:

```solidity
function createNewTask(
    Input    calldata input,
    uint32   quorumThresholdPercentage,
    bytes    calldata quorumNumbers
) external;

function respondToTask(
    Task calldata task,
    TaskResponse calldata taskResponse,
    NonSignerStakesAndSignature memory nonSignerStakesAndSignature
) external;

function raiseAndResolveChallenge(
    Task calldata task,
    TaskResponse calldata taskResponse,
    TaskResponseMetadata calldata taskResponseMetadata,
    BN254.G1Point[] calldata pubkeysOfNonSigningOperators
) external;
```

**Required Solidity Events**:

```solidity
event NewTaskCreated(uint32 indexed taskIndex, Task task);
event TaskResponded(TaskResponse taskResponse, TaskResponseMetadata taskResponseMetadata);
```

> Once those are in place, you have to define the AVS Input/Output and create the Implement [`TaskManagerDefs`] to choose your `Input`/`Output` and event selectors.

Reviewer 2: Same

Author: Changed in [b094f22](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/695/commits/b094f222af9a615f40e61c8b65d84280afd4c12a)

    if err != nil {
        logger.Errorf("Failed to get task manager abi: %w", err)
        return
    }

    ethHttpUrl := "http://localhost:8545"
    ethClient, err := ethclient.Dial(ethHttpUrl)
    if err != nil {
        logger.Errorf("Failed to dial ethclient: %w", err)
        return
    }

    taskManagerAddr := gethcommon.HexToAddress("0x7bc06c482dead17c0e297afbc32f6e63d3846650")

    challengerPrivateKey := "ac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80"
    ecdsaPrivateKey, err := crypto.HexToECDSA(challengerPrivateKey)
    if err != nil {
        logger.Errorf("Failed to create ecdsa private key: %w", err)
        return
    }

    txMgr, err := txmgr.NewSimpleTxManagerFromPrivateKey(logger, ethClient, ecdsaPrivateKey)
    if err != nil {
        logger.Errorf("Failed to create tx manager from private key: %w", err)
        return
    }

    challengerRaiser, err := taskmanager.NewTaskManagerFromAbi[examplecommon.TaskInput, [32]byte](taskManagerAddr, taskManagerAbi, txMgr, ethClient)
    if err != nil {
        logger.Errorf("Failed to create challenger raiser: %w", err)
        return
    }
```

## Individual interfaces

### Task Creator

> The task creator interface is used to send new tasks to the on-chain Task Manager contract. The method included is the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `TaskCreator` interface is used to send new tasks to the on-chain Task Manager contract. The method included is the following:
```

``` go
    type TaskCreator[Input any] interface {
        CreateNewTask(ctx context.Context, input Input, quorumThresholdPercentage uint32, quorumNumbers []uint8) error
    }
```

> The `CreateNewTask` method sends the new task to the Task Manager on-chain contract, receiving the generic input and other parameters related to the task creation, descripted in the Task Spammer readme file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `CreateNewTask` method sends the new task to the on-chain Task Manager contract, receiving the generic input and other parameters related to the task creation, described in the Task Spammer README file.
```

### Task Responder

> The task responder interface is used for sending aggregated responses to the on-chain Task Manager contract, and also processing the task responses.  The included methods are the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `TaskResponder` interface is used for sending aggregated responses to the on-chain Task Manager contract, and also processing the task responses. The included methods are the following:
```

``` go
    type TaskResponder[Input any, Output any] interface {
        RespondToTask(task Task[Input], taskResponse TaskResponse[Output], nonSignersStakesAndSig types.NonSignerStakesAndSignature) error
        HashTaskResponse(taskResponse TaskResponse[Output]) (types.TaskResponseDigest, error)
    }
```

The `RespondToTask` method is used for sending the information related to the task response to the on-chain Task Manager contract. The `HashTaskResponse` method hashes the generic task response, first encoding it on the task manager ABI and then hashing the encoded response.

### Challenger Raiser

> The challenger raiser is used for raising challenges to the on-chain Task Manager contract. The method in the interface is the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ChallengerRaiser` is used for raising challenges to the on-chain Task Manager contract. The method in the interface is the following:
```

``` go
    type ChallengeRaiser[Input any, Output any] interface {
        RaiseChallenge(task Task[Input], taskResponse TaskResponse[Output], TaskResponseMetadata types.TaskResponseMetadata, NonSigningOperatorPubKeys []types.BN254G1Point) error
    }
```

The `RaiseChallenge` method is used for raising challenges for responded tasks to the on-chain Task Manager contract.

## Related types

### Task

> The `Task` struct is a wrapper of the Task struct from the user's TaskManagerContract binding with a generic input type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Task` struct is similar to the `Task` struct from the user's `TaskManager` contract binding but with a generic input type.
```

> The [`Task`] struct is a wrapper of the Task struct from the user's TaskManagerContract binding with a generic input type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Task` struct is a wrapper of the Task struct from the user's TaskManagerContract binding with a generic input type.
```

``` go
    type Task[Input any] struct {
        InputValue                Input
        TaskCreatedBlock          uint32
        QuorumNumbers             []byte
        QuorumThresholdPercentage uint32
    }
```

### Task Response

> The `TaskResponse` struct is a wrapper of the TaskResponse struct from the user's TaskManagerContract binding with a generic output type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TaskResponse` struct is similar to the `TaskResponse` struct from the user's `TaskManager` contract binding but with a generic output type.
```

> The [`TaskResponse`] struct is a wrapper of the TaskResponse struct from the user's TaskManagerContract binding with a generic output type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `TaskResponse` struct is a wrapper of the TaskResponse struct from the user's TaskManagerContract binding with a generic output type.
```
